so on a typical day on the USS Lassen as repair officer of my day typically
started very early anywhere from four to five AM dependent on
the watch schedule an opinion on if we were in port or at sea out just
kind of in a blend in a couple things the main thing was to be visit
be present and to to know before your bosses know and always give
out clear communication so in order to do that you have to be up early
and make around so I would get up early get ready you know which
includes like you know you shower and everything and then you get
you get up and you what you make your rounds walkie spaces make sure
that your sailor see you out there early in the morning off and head
up to the court today to see if there are any issues of within my
personnel or something that I need to be notified of after that you
know grab a quick breakfast and just go see the vision walk around the
four quarters meet them at quarters and it you know just kind of
a plan out your day from there that kind of goes around your why schedule
your training schedule and your study in schedule because you're
always qualify you always trying to qualify for something so you
have to fit those three things and whites division training whites division
training and that that this that was basically my day everyday